.TH MACGATED 8 
.\" NAME should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.SH NAME
MacGated \- Establish an Appletalk-IP route to the IPDDP device.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B MacGated
[\-s] \-i \fIIP address\fR [\-i \fIIP address\fR...]
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.BR MacGated
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
.B MacGated
is a daemon that automatically adds and deletes routes to Macintosh
computers on an Appletalk-IP network. For each Mac that comes onto the
network to do IP,
.B MacGated
will create a route for it and spawn a child
called
.BR MacPinger(8).
.BR MacPinger(8)
pings the Mac every 45 seconds to see if
the Mac is still doing IP. If the Mac does not respond then the route
to that Mac is deleted.

.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options are included below.
.TP
.B \-s
The -s directive tells
.B MacGated
to scan for Macintoshes that have already registered an Appletalk
IPADDRESS node and include their IP in MacGate's routing tables for IP
gatewaying. In short it is a good idea to enable this option.
.TP
.B \-i \fIIP address\fR
Specifies the IP address of an interface to use as a gateway.
MacGated can accept an unlimited number of -i directives. The -i
command makes MacGated register that IP number as a IPGATEWAY on the
Appletalk network. The best rule of thumb for this is to always
register the IP of the ipddp0 device and then also register the IP of
your main interface. (ie. eth0). You may have to play with some
different combinations if your GNU/Linux system has many interfaces,
but even registering everyone of your machines IPs will not hurt
anything.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR MacRegister (8)
.BR MacPinger (8)
.BR MacRoute (8)
.PP
For more information on using the IPDDP device see
Documentation/networking/ipddp.txt in the kernel source code, which
explains more precisly on how to get the IPDDP device working.
.SH AUTHOR
The MacGate suite was written by Jay Schulist
<Jay.Schulist@spacs.k12.wi.us> and is copyrighted under the GNU
General Public License.  This manual page was adapted from the source
code of MacGated.c and the INSTALL.txt document by David
Huggins-Daines <dhd@debian.org>, for the Debian GNU/Linux
system.
