.TH MACPINGER 8 
.\" NAME should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.SH NAME
MacPinger \- Verify routes in the IPDDP device.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B MacPinger
\-i \fIIP address\fR \-v \fIinterval\fR \-r \fIretry count\fR \-t
\fItimeout\fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.BR MacPinger
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
.B MacPinger
provides route verification for
.BR MacGated (8).
For each route that is added to MacRouteList,
.BR MacGated (8)
spins a child.
This child is called
.B MacPinger.
.B MacPinger
is forked with the routing
entry information. Immediately following fork()
.B MacPinger
sets an alarm for verification of this route based on Route->verify.
The alarm goes off every Route->verify seconds. Upon waking the child
(Pinger) sends Route->icmp_fail ICMP pings or untill a response is
received. If a response is received then the routing entry is left in
the list and the next alarm is set to go off in Route->verify
seconds. If no ICMP response is received then the child terminates but
first signaling MacGated (Parent) to remove the respective routing
entry from the list. (As no ICMP ping response was received, either
the Mac is down or defunct). This opens up that IP to be routed to
another Mac.
.PP
It is possible that many children can be spawned. This should not be a
problem as processing for each
.B MacPinger
is minimal.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options are included below.
.TP
.B \-i \fIIP address\fR
Specifies the IP address of the Macintosh to be pinged.
.TP
.B \-i \fIinterval\fR
Interval in seconds between ICMP verifies.
.TP
.B \-i \fIretry count\fR
Number of ICMP retries before the route is marked dead.
.TP
.B \-i \fItimeout\fR
Timeout between ICMP echo and reply.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR MacRoute (8)
.BR MacRegister (8)
.BR MacGated (8)
.BR ping (1)
.PP
For more information on using the IPDDP device see
Documentation/networking/ipddp.txt in the kernel source code, which
explains more precisly on how to get the IPDDP device working.
.SH AUTHOR
The MacGate suite was written by Jay Schulist
<Jay.Schulist@spacs.k12.wi.us> and is copyrighted under the GNU
General Public License.  This manual page was adapted from the source
code of MacPinger.c by David Huggins-Daines
<dhd@debian.org>, for the Debian GNU/Linux system.
