.TH MACROUTE 8 
.\" NAME should be all caps, SECTION should be 1-8, maybe w/ subsection
.\" other parms are allowed: see man(7), man(1)
.SH NAME
MacRoute \- Establish an Appletalk-IP route to the IPDDP device.
.SH SYNOPSIS
.B MacRoute
\-c \fIcommand\fR \-n \fInetwork number\fR \-m \fInode\fR \-i \fIIP
address \fR
.SH "DESCRIPTION"
This manual page documents briefly the
.BR MacRoute
command.
This manual page was written for the Debian GNU/Linux distribution
because the original program does not have a manual page.
.PP
.B MacRoute
allows you to add and delete static routes to your Mac. This tool adds
or deletes one route at a time and does not take care of anything but
setting up the route in IPDDP. You still need to create the proper
routes with the route command.
.SH OPTIONS
A summary of options are included below.
.TP
.B \-c \fIcommand\fR
Adds or deletes a route; `add' adds a route, `del' deletes a route.
.TP
.B \-n \fInetwork number\fR
Specifies the Appletalk network number of the Macintosh to which a
route is being added.
.TP
.B \-m \fInode\fR
Specifies the Appletalk node number of the Macintosh to which a route
is being added.
.TP
.B \-m \fIIP address\fR
Specifies the IP address which the Macintosh owns.
.SH "SEE ALSO"
.BR MacRegister (8)
.BR MacPinger (8)
.BR MacGated (8)
.BR route (8)
.PP
For more information on using the IPDDP device see
Documentation/networking/ipddp.txt in the kernel source code, which
explains more precisly on how to get the IPDDP device working.
.SH AUTHOR
The MacGate suite was written by Jay Schulist
<Jay.Schulist@spacs.k12.wi.us> and is copyrighted under the GNU
General Public License.  This manual page was adapted from the source
code of MacRoute.c and the INSTALL.txt document by David
Huggins-Daines <dhd@debian.org>, for the Debian GNU/Linux
system.
